What you're looking at right here is 36
of my most recent YouTube videos
organized into an actual knowledge
system that makes sense. And in today's
video, I'm going to show you how you can
set this up in 5 minutes. It's super
super easy. You can see here how we have
these different nodes and different
patterns emerging. And as we zoom in, we
can see what each of these little dots
represents. So, for example, this is one
of my videos, $10,000 aentic workflows.
We can see it's got some tags. It's got
the video link. It's got the raw file.
And it gives an explanation of what this
video is about and what the takeaways
are. And the coolest part is I can
follow the back links to get where I
want. There's a backlink for the WAT
framework. There's a backlink for Claude
Code. There's a backlink for all these
different tools I mentioned like
Perplexity, Visual Studio Code, Nano
Banana, Naden N. It also has techniques
like the WT framework or bypass
permissions mode or human review
checkpoint. So, as this continues to
fill up, we can start to see patterns
and relationships between every tool or
every skill or every MCP server that I
might have talked about in a YouTube
video. And I can just query it in a
really efficient way now that we have
this actual system set up. And the crazy
part is I said, "Hey, Cloud Code, go
grab the transcripts from my recent
videos and organize everything. I
literally didn't have to do any manual
relationship building here. It just
figured it all out on its own." And then
right here, I have a much smaller one,
but this is more of my personal brain.
So this is stuff going on in my personal
life. This is stuff going on with, you
know, UpAI or my YouTube channel or my
different businesses and my employees
and our quarter 2 initiatives and things
like that. This is more of my own second
brain. So I've got one second brain here
and then I've got one basically YouTube
knowledge system and I could combine
these or I could keep them separate and
I can just keep building more knowledge
systems and plug them all into other AI
agents that I need to have this context.
It's just super cool. So Andre Carpathy
just released this little post about LLM
knowledge bases and explaining what he's
been doing with them. And in just a
matter of few days, it got a ton of
traction on X. So let's do a quick
breakdown and then I'm going to show you
guys how you can get this set up in
basically 5 minutes. It's way more
simple than you may think. Something
I've been finding very useful recently
is using LLM to build personal knowledge
bases for various topics of research
interest. So there's different stages.
The first part is data ingest. He puts
in basically source documents. So he
basically takes a PDF and puts it into
Cloud Code and then Cloud Code does the
rest. He uses Obsidian as the IDE. So
this is nothing really too
game-changing. Obsidian just lets you
visually see your markdown files. But
for example, this Obsidian project right
here with all this YouTube transcript
stuff that actually lives right here.
This is the exact same thing. Here are
the raw YouTube transcripts. And here's
that wiki that I showed you guys with
the different um folders for what Cloud
Code did with my YouTube transcripts.
And then there's a Q&A phase where you
basically can ask questions about
YouTube or about the research and it can
look through the entire wiki in a much
more efficient way and it can give you
answers that are super intelligent. He
said here, "I thought that I had to
reach for fancy rag, but the LLM has
been pretty good about automaintaining
index files and brief summaries of all
documents and it reads all the important
related data fairly easily at this small
scale." So right now he's doing about
100 articles and about half a million
words. So there's a few other things
that we'll cover later, but the TLDDR is
you give raw data to cloud code. It
compares it, it organizes it, and then
it puts it into the right spots with
relationships, and then you can query it
about anything. And it can help you
identify where there's gaps in that node
or in that, you know, relationship, and
it can go do research and fill in the
gaps. All right. So why is this a big
deal? Because normal AI chats are
ephemeral, meaning the knowledge
disappears after the conversation. But
this method, using Karpathy's LLM wiki,
makes knowledge compound like interest
in a bank. People on X are calling it a
game changanger because it finally makes
AI feel like a tireless colleague who
actually remembers everything and it
stays organized. It's also super simple.
It will take you five minutes to set up.
I'll show you guys. You don't need a
fancy vector database embeddings or
complex infrastructure. It's literally
just a folder with markdown files.
That's it. You literally just have a
vault up top. So in this example, it's
called my wiki. You've got a raw folder
where you put all of the stuff. And then
you've got a wiki folder, which is what
the LLM takes from your raw and puts it
into the wiki. So in here you have all
the wiki pages which it will create but
then you also have an index and you have
a log. So for example in my YouTube
transcripts vault here is the index. You
can see that I have all these different
tools which I could obviously click on
and it would take me right to that page
or after that I have all the different
techniques agent teams sub agents
permission modes the WAT framework and
then we've got different concepts MCP
servers rag vibe coding we've got all
these different sources which are you
know the YouTube videos and then when I
have people or when I have comparisons
they will be put in here in the index
and then we also have a log which is the
operation history so in this case in the
YouTube project the log isn't huge cuz I
only ran one huge batch of the initial
36 YouTube videos, but now every time I
have one, I say, "Hey, can you go ahead
and ingest the new YouTube video into
the wiki and then we'll see every single
time we update this." And then, of
course, you need your claw. MD to
explain how the project works and how to
search through things and how to, you
know, update things. It's also a big
deal from a cost perspective, token
efficiency, and long-term value. One X
user turned 383 scattered files and over
a 100 meeting transcripts into a compact
wiki and dropped token usage by 95% when
querying with Claude. And obviously
token management and efficiency is a
huge conversation right now and will
always be. The other thing that's really
cool about this is there's not really
like a GitHub repo you go copy or
there's not a complicated setup. You
literally just say hey cloud code read
this idea from Andre Karpathy and
implement it. And people on X are now
talking about like this is how 2026 AI
agentic software and products will be
made. You just give it a highle idea and
it goes and builds it out. And Karpathy
even said, "Hey, you know, I left this
prompt vague so that you guys can
customize it." And I'll show you the
ways in my two different vaults right
now that it changed things a little bit
based on the context and understanding
of what the project is actually for.
Okay, so this was the original tweet I
just showed you guys and then he
followed up and said, "Hey, this one
went viral. So here is the idea in a
gist format." So if you open this up,
this is basically just another
explanation of the core idea of how this
works and why the architecture,
indexing, all this kind of stuff. And by
the way, this is the part where he says,
"Hey, this is left vague so that you can
hack it and customize it to your own
project." So we're going to come right
back to this in a sec, but the first
prerec that we're going to do, it's not
necessary, but I like to have a nice
little front end to see the
relationships, is we're going to go to
Obsidian and download it. So, if you
just go to obsidian.mmd, you can see
this is the completely free tool and
you're going to go ahead and download
it. So, just for your operating system,
download this and then open up the
wizard and open up the app. So, when you
open up the app, it'll look like this.
And what we're going to do here is we're
going to create a new vault. So, down
here, you can see I have Herk Brain and
I have YouTube transcripts. I'll just
make it a little bigger. I'm going to go
to manage vaults. I'm going to create a
new one. And now, we just have to give
this a name. So, I'm just going to call
this one demo vault. and you're going to
choose a location where you want to put
this. So, I'm just throwing this on my
desktop and I'm going to go ahead and
create this vault. Then, what you're
going to do is go to wherever you like
to run Cloud Code. So, in this case, I'm
doing it in VS Code. And I open up that
folder. So, demo vault. We get an
Obsidian and then we get a welcome.md.
So, I'm going to open up Claude. So, I'm
going to do it in my terminal. I'm going
to run Claude. And lately, I've been
liking using my terminal better for
Claude. I like to do it inside of VS
Code, but the reason is just because I
like to see the status line and I have,
you know, a little bit more
functionality. So, anyways, now that we
have Cloud Code open, here's what we're
going to do. We're going to go back over
to the LLM wiki thing that we got from
Andre Carpathy. We're going to copy all
of this and we're going to go back into
Cloud Code and then just paste it in
there. So, that is the prompt from
Carpathy that's going to build out
everything we need. And then before we
send that off, we're dropping this in
which you guys can screenshot and then
just throw into yours. But I'm saying
you are now my LLM wiki agent. Implement
this exact idea file as my complete
second brain. Guide me step by step.
Create the cloudmd schema blah blah
blah. So this is just telling it what it
needs to do with this idea that we just
got from kpathy. So anyways, on the
right we have this cloud code running
and on the left we have our obsidian
vault and you can see it just created
those two folders. So it created the raw
and it created the wiki as you can see.
Now, by default, it threw in four
folders. It threw in analysis, concepts,
entities, and sources. Once we start to
populate stuff, we can talk to it to see
if that's actually the way we want to do
it or not. Because it's interesting in
my personal kind of second brain, the
wiki is literally just markdown files.
There's no structure to it. And in some
cases, that's good. Carpathy actually
said, "Sometimes I like to keep it
really simple and really flat, which
means like no subfolders and not a bunch
of over organizing." But then you guys
did see in my YouTube transcript one,
there were different subfolders. And I
think that in this case it actually
makes more sense. But you can see that
it went ahead and it created a claw.md.
It created an index and a log and then a
few different folders in our wiki. But
now it's saying, "Hey, let's go ahead
and try it out. Drop in your first
source into the raw folder and tell me
to ingest it." Okay, so I'm at this
website called AI2027. If you guys
haven't read this before, it's kind of
an interesting read. So go check it out.
And now let's say I want to get this
into my vault. What I could do is just
copy the whole page, right? And it might
just come through a little weird. or we
can just get an Obsidian extension which
lets us basically take articles right
from the web and just put it right into
our vault. Super easy. So search for
this extension called Obsidian Web
Clipper. You would go ahead and add this
to Chrome. So then when you're in the
article that you want, you basically
just click on your extensions, you open
up Obsidian Web Clipper, and then you
can just chuck it into your vault. And
then right here, you're going to want to
set this to RAW because this is the
actual folder that it's going to put it
in. So you can go ahead and click add to
Obsidian. Open Obsidian. And then now
you can see in my raw section we have
this AI 2027 source with the title the
source and it's not super super
populated yet because the LLM in cloud
code is going to do that. So here is our
file. I'm going to open up cloud code
and say awesome. I just threw in an
article called AI 2027 into the raw. Can
you please go ahead and ingest that? It
might ask you some questions. It might
also be helpful to before you start
ingesting stuff say hey by the way this
project is specifically for my second
brain. So, personal things, business
things, whatever. Or this is just a
research project. This is where I'm
going to chuck you all the articles and
all the things that I want to learn
about and all the things that I know.
So, there's different ways that you can
set up the project as you saw with mine.
One for YouTube, one for just personal
second brain. So, now what it's doing is
it's going to read through this article
and then it's going to figure out where
should I chuck everything into the wiki.
It's not just going to create one MD
file for this. It might create five or
it might create 10. And there's going to
be relationships between each of the
different sections that it creates. So,
it's kind of doing its own method of
chunking. Now, one thing I want to call
out real quick is with this extension,
if you go here and you open up the
options for it, you can see that you can
actually change where by default the
folders are dropped, which is in the
location section. By default, it'll be
going to a place called clippings, but
just go ahead and change that to raw.
Okay. So, here it came back with all
these questions, right? It said, "Here
are my key takeaways from this article,
blah blah blah." And now it'll ask you,
"What do you want to emphasize from this
article? What's your focus? How granular
do you want to be? what's your plan? So,
I'm just going to say I want this to be
extremely thorough. This is my passion
looking at where AI is going to go. Um,
and this whole project, by the way, that
you're setting up in this vault is
basically just going to be my place to
dump in research about AI. So, help me
keep all that organized so that I can
query it and that I can, you know, keep
my thoughts related. So, that's just a
quick example of what it might look like
for you to give it some more context to
continuously build your project. So, I'm
going to switch over over here to the
graph view because I think it it'll be
interesting to see as it is starting to
go through and create those different
wiki files. It's going to go ahead and
it's going to create all those
relationships and we'll be able to watch
it in real time. All right, so it's
creating all of the wiki pages now and
you can see that it said it's going to
make about 25 because there's so much
stuff going on in the original AI 2027
article. Okay, so our first one just
popped in here and there a second one
just came through and now you can
understand you're starting to see where
do you have hubs or where do you just
have little individual nodes? So this is
a major hub. Someone named Eli, someone
named Thomas, Daniel, and you can see
all the different relationships here
with things like AI governance with
things like OpenBrain, superhuman coder.
Okay, so that ingest took about 10
minutes. So sometimes you have to be a
little patient with, you know, it
reading through everything and
organizing everything, but it does a lot
of heavy lifting, of course. When I
uploaded the 36 YouTube transcripts in
batch, it took about 14 minutes. So it
kind of just depends, but it created 23
wiki pages. We have the source. We have
six people, five organizations and one
AI systems page, different concepts, so
technical alignment and geopolitical and
then an analysis and then it asks some
questions about it so that it can help
make the relationships and make the
structure even better. Now let's just
open this one up a little bit deeper and
see what it actually did in here with
this stuff. So we have this is the
source with all the main relationships.
So as we start to add other articles, we
will see other big kind of like nodes
and maybe in some cases we'll have
relationships between like compute
scaling with different articles that we
upload as well. So let's just see if I
click into the main source, we can see
the tags that it got. We can see the
authors and we can click around. So
here's a link to OpenAI. Okay, what's
OpenAI? Here's references in AI 2027.
Here's some other connections with
OpenAI like modelsp spec. Okay, we're in
model spec. Let's take a look. We can
see other things about modelsp spec. And
we could also go to how the LLM
psychology model works. So this is just
super super cool all the relationships
that we get. And once again, all of this
stuff that we're looking at was derived
from one article and automatically
organized and related. So the question
now is like what do we do from here? Do
we query it inside of this environment?
Do we query it from somewhere else? And
that's completely up to the way that you
want to use this. So for example, with
my YouTube project, I'm probably just
going to keep this here. And whenever I
want to ask questions about YouTube or
if I want to turn this into like a
website, I can just do that from here.
Or if I need to, I can point a different
project at this folder since
everything's here and it can crawl
through the wiki, it can read the index
and it knows how this stuff works
because you can give it the clawmd so it
understands the project as well. So for
example, in this one which is just my
second brain where we have all of the
different things about like I drop in my
meeting recordings, I drop in, you know,
ClickUp channels, summaries and things
like that. This is something that I want
to use in my executive assistant. So
what I did in my executive assistant
here called Herk 2, if I go to this
cloud.MD, MD you can see that we have a
wiki path. So whenever you need to read
things about me and my business that you
don't have already, you would basically
go to my herkbrain vault. You would go
to that directory and then you would
read through the wiki. You can read the
hot cache which I'll explain in just a
sec. You can read the index. You can
read the domain subindex and then you
can also just search through everything
here. And I said don't read from the
wiki unless you actually need it. Here
are some things that you might do that
you don't need to go read the wiki for.
And all of this is my business
knowledge. Now, if you guys remember, if
you watched my video on setting up an
executive assistant, I used to do this
with context files inside of this
project. And when I changed over to this
method, I actually saw a reduction in
tokens that I was actually calling in
this project. So, the thing about the
hot cache, right, I didn't actually have
this in my YouTube one. So, if I go to
YouTube, you can see there's no hot
cache. But, if I go to the herk brain in
the wiki, you can see there's a hot.mmd
right here. And this is basically just a
cache of like 500 words or 500
characters that it saves, which is like
what is the most recent thing that Nate
just gave me or that we talked about. In
the context of my executive assistant,
this is really helpful. You know, it
might save me from having to crawl
different wiki pages. But in something
like the YouTube transcript project, I
don't really need a hot cache. So,
another thing that I alluded to but
didn't really cover was the idea of
linting. So Karpathi says that he runs
some LLM health checks over the wiki to
find inconsistent data, impute missing
data with web searches, find interesting
connections for new article candidates,
things like that. So it basically helps
you run a lint, you know, every day,
every week, whenever you want, which
helps make sure that everything is
scalable and structured in the right
way. And it might even come back and
say, "Hey, I don't fully understand
this. Can you give me some more info or
can you grab some more articles that
might help me out here?" So now the
final question about this that I wanted
to cover is like does this kill semantic
search rag? And the answer is no, but
kind of yes. And it all depends on the
goal of the project and the goal of the
context, how much context you have. So
here's a really quick chart that I had
my cloud code make. I was in my Herk
brain where I dumped in a bunch of
information about Karpathy's LLM
knowledge and I just said, "Hey, can you
please explain Karpathy knowledge as
simple as possible, keep it super
concise, and um compare it to typical
semantic search rag." So, it found
Carpathy's idea. Instead of a database,
you just give the LM well organized
markdown files and it compares it here
to the actual semantic search rag. So,
actually, I might as well just read it
off from here. So it finds it by reading
indexes and follows links rather than
using similarity search. So we're
getting a deeper understanding of
relationships because they're links
rather than just saying, "Hey, these
chunks seem similar." As far as
infrastructure, it is literally just
markdown. So like I said, you don't even
need the obsidian. You just need these
markdown files. Whereas with semantic
search, you need an embedding model. You
need a vector database and a chunking
pipeline. The cost over here is
basically free. Your only cost is going
to be tokens. Whereas over here, you
might have ongoing compute and storage.
And for maintenance, you just run a
lint. You clean up things. You add more
articles. You give it more context
rather than having to re-mbed when
things change. But right now, the
weakness of course with the uh LLM
knowledge wiki is that it doesn't scale
huge across enterprises, right? Because
it's just a bunch of files. Um and that
is where the cost will probably get more
and more expensive than going to
something like standard semantic search
or knowledger graph or light rag or
whatever other tool is out there for
that. So here you can see if you have
hundreds of pages with good indexes,
you're fine with wiki graph. But if you
were getting up to the millions of
documents, then you're going to want to
actually do more of a traditional rag
pipeline, at least for now with how the
current models are and everything we
know right now in April 2026. So that is
going to do it for today. I hope you
guys learned something new or enjoyed
the video. And if you did, please give
it a like. It helps me out a ton. Now,
after this video, if you're interested
in learning how you can create your own
sort of executive assistant and then
plug it into this Obsidian vault, then
definitely check out this video up here
where I go over how I built my executive
assistant and the way that you should be
thinking about it. So hopefully I'll see
you guys over there, but if not, I'll
see you in the next